General Configuration Documentation (#56)
plantanapp/documentation: docs/general-configuration.md

---
id: general-configuration
title: General Configuration
sidebar_label: General Configuration
---

## `General Description`

General Configuration is the place where you can personalize your Plant an App application. 

> This can be done by entering `Configuration` from your application menu and then going onto the `General` page. After entering the `General` page, a page similar with the one below will appear:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by entering `Configuration` from your application menu and then going into the `General` page. After entering the `General` page, a page similar to the one below will appear:
```

<img src="/static/img/general-configuration.jpg" alt="General Page" />

### `Change Application Name`

Changing the application name can be done by replacing the auto-generated name from the `Application Name` field with your own name. To save it, click on the green `Save` button from the top right corner of the page.

:::note
The `Application Url` cannot be changed, **only** the application name!
:::

### `Change FavIcon`

Clicking on the `Change` button from the `FavIcon` field will open a pop-up to upload a personal icon and clicking open will upload it. To save it, click on the green `Save` button from the top right corner of the page.

:::note

> The only supported types are **.png** and **.ico**!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported types are **.png** and **.ico**!
```
